What's going on here?
Zhao Ruolan actually won the weightlifting championship
Could it be that Zhao Ruolan really didn't engrave anything?
It's not maintained.
Then what Zhao Ruolan said is true
Everyone make way
Let it go
Zhao Ruolan
Congratulations, congratulations.
He broke the weightlifting record
You're the champion.
This 30,000 dollars
It's my ant sports school's reward for you.
That's impossible.
How could Zhao Ruolan break the record?
How could Zhao Ruolan win the championship?
This Olympic Games is due to a player violating the rules
Eat indiscriminately
That's why the results were delayed.
The results will not be announced until after 12 o'clock
There are still 3 minutes left.
How could you possibly know that Zhao Ruolan won the championship?
I had a teacher.
He knew the people on the national team and he told me
Zhao Ruolan Yiming is amazing
Broke this weightlifting record
You think this record can be broken?
Does that show?
This championship is not a well-deserved thing.
Oh, really.